Replaced node.js foundation with OpenJS foundation (#1053)
nodejs/TSC: WORKING_GROUPS.md

<a id="developers-certificate-of-origin"></a>
## Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1

> *Note*: The DCO is mandatory for all OpenJS Foundation projects.

Reviewer: I don’t think this is accurate - the OpenJS Foundation recommends but does not require a CLA or a DCO.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, let's remove this line entirely.

```suggestion
```

Author: Well, that certinly changes things! It's been a talking point in our project (JSON Schema) and maybe others.

It's part of the project progression checklist: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/main/PROJECT_PROGRESSION.md#onboarding-checklist

Reviewer 3: AFAIK it's a "requirement" in that you can do a DCO or CLA, and that there's leniency if implementing such a process is extremely burdensome (like in the case of Node.js, where we seemingly haven't fully done DCO correctly but are aiming at doing it correctly).

Reviewer 4: It is a requirement and it's documented here: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/main/IP_POLICY_GUIDANCE.md#4-adopting-the-dco-or-a-cla

Reviewer 4: To be clear the requirement is to choose `either` the DCO or CLA so it's not that a DCO is is required but as @bnb mentioned you need to use one of the two.

Author: @mhdawson OK, is the action here modify the wording to say "DCO or CLA"?

Author: Resolved by comitting suggested change to this PR

> *Note*: The DCO is mandatory for all OpenJS Foundation projects.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Use of a CLA or DCO is mandatory for all all OpenJS Foundation projects. The Node.js project has chosen to use the DCO 1.1
```

Reviewer 4: @Relequestual I think my suggestion above might address what we should say.

* Offer help to npm package maintainers to fix high-impact security bugs.
* Maintain and make available data on disclosed security vulnerabilities in:
  * the core Node.js project

>   * other projects maintained by the overall Node.js project 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  * other projects maintained by the overall Node.js project
```

>   * other projects maintained by the OpenJS Foundation technical group

Reviewer 5: I don't know if there is such an "OpenJS Foundation technical group"

Reviewer 4: Looking at the list I think we should just delete everything up to the line "Promote the improvement of security practices within the Node.js ecosystem." as the vulnerability reporting part was dropped a little while back.

Reviewer 2: We should probably re-charter the group with that removed too.

Author: Do you want to create a new issue before resolving this conversation thread @Trott ?

Author: I created a new issue for you so I can resolve this comment.
https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1081

>   * other projects maintained by the OpenJS Foundation technical group

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion 
  * other projects maintained by the overall Node.js project 
```
